now the Philistines fought against
now the Philistines fought against Israel and the men of Israel fled from
Israel and the men of Israel fled from
Israel and the men of Israel fled from before the Philistines and fell swaying
before the Philistines and fell swaying
before the Philistines and fell swaying on Mount Gilboa then the Philistines
on Mount Gilboa then the Philistines
on Mount Gilboa then the Philistines followed hard after Saul and his sons
followed hard after Saul and his sons
followed hard after Saul and his sons and the Philistines killed Jonathan
and the Philistines killed Jonathan
and the Philistines killed Jonathan Abinadab and Malka sure Saul's sons the
Abinadab and Malka sure Saul's sons the
Abinadab and Malka sure Saul's sons the battle became fierce and so the archers
battle became fierce and so the archers
battle became fierce and so the archers hit it
hit it
hit it Wow and he was severely wounded by the
Wow and he was severely wounded by the
Wow and he was severely wounded by the archers and Saul said to his armor
archers and Saul said to his armor
archers and Saul said to his armor bearer draw your sword and thrust me
bearer draw your sword and thrust me
bearer draw your sword and thrust me through with it as this uncircumcised
through with it as this uncircumcised
through with it as this uncircumcised men come and thrust me fool and abused
men come and thrust me fool and abused
men come and thrust me fool and abused me
me
me but his armor-bearer would not talk for
but his armor-bearer would not talk for
but his armor-bearer would not talk for he was greatly afraid
he was greatly afraid
he was greatly afraid therefore soul took a saw and fell and
therefore soul took a saw and fell and
therefore soul took a saw and fell and when his armor-bearer saw that saul was
when his armor-bearer saw that saul was
when his armor-bearer saw that saul was dead he also fell on his sword and died
dead he also fell on his sword and died
dead he also fell on his sword and died with him
with him
with him so Saul his three sons his armor-bearer
so Saul his three sons his armor-bearer
so Saul his three sons his armor-bearer and all his men died together that same
and all his men died together that same
and all his men died together that same day
and when the men of Israel who were on
and when the men of Israel who were on the other side of the valley and those
the other side of the valley and those
the other side of the valley and those who were on the other side of the Jordan
who were on the other side of the Jordan
who were on the other side of the Jordan saw that the men of Israel had fled and
saw that the men of Israel had fled and
saw that the men of Israel had fled and at Saul and his sons were dead they
at Saul and his sons were dead they
at Saul and his sons were dead they forsook the cities and fled and the
forsook the cities and fled and the
forsook the cities and fled and the Philistines came and dwelt in them so it
Philistines came and dwelt in them so it
Philistines came and dwelt in them so it happened the next day when the
happened the next day when the
happened the next day when the Philistines came to strip the slain but
Philistines came to strip the slain but
Philistines came to strip the slain but they found Saul and his three sons
they found Saul and his three sons
they found Saul and his three sons fallen on Mount Gilboa and they cut off
fallen on Mount Gilboa and they cut off
fallen on Mount Gilboa and they cut off his head and stripped off his armor and
his head and stripped off his armor and
his head and stripped off his armor and sent word throughout the land of the
sent word throughout the land of the
sent word throughout the land of the Philistines to proclaim it in the temple
Philistines to proclaim it in the temple
Philistines to proclaim it in the temple of their idols and among the people then
of their idols and among the people then
of their idols and among the people then they put his armor in the temple of the
they put his armor in the temple of the
they put his armor in the temple of the ashteroth and they fastened his body to
ashteroth and they fastened his body to
ashteroth and they fastened his body to the wall of beth shean now when the
the wall of beth shean now when the
the wall of beth shean now when the inhabitants of jabish Gilead heard what
inhabitants of jabish Gilead heard what
inhabitants of jabish Gilead heard what the philistines had done to Saul all the
the philistines had done to Saul all the
the philistines had done to Saul all the valiant men arose and traveled all night
valiant men arose and traveled all night
valiant men arose and traveled all night and took the body of soul and the bodies
and took the body of soul and the bodies
and took the body of soul and the bodies of his sons from the wall of beth shean
of his sons from the wall of beth shean
of his sons from the wall of beth shean and they came to jabish and burned them
and they came to jabish and burned them
and they came to jabish and burned them there then they took their bones and
there then they took their bones and
there then they took their bones and buried them under the tamarisk tree at
buried them under the tamarisk tree at
buried them under the tamarisk tree at jabish and fasted seven days